cadena3 the most open television that
never
these burgers with ground beef for
course I went to the super buy a can
of artichokes are finely chopped and
I have onion
I have dehydrated tomatoes in the sun
they are recipes for dad that's not
for the day of the dad who already arrives
soon basil thyme and
little roquefort cheese
they have ground
I will put new little by little I will
put egg is not going to put everything or
not the bread crushed and I'll see what
consistency is having little heart
wood salt with your hands and as in
the least because I did not give it anymore
because time did not forget you say me
the consistency this project is more
I feel it is a little wet
molina heart all the ingredients
getting involved with him I ended up a
little bit because I feel very wet
thank you truth, you tell me you and
the potatoes were left or not the potatoes is
I love them so much because I already
Don Cheto was saying to take him
to the cabin but no but no no no no
because it's for the pressure so issues by
please, it's not a bit damp, we're
more for that reason when one does it with the
hands more palpating and you're seeing how
It is hardly being all
once perfect we are going to do the
large these can be very large
because because I'm leaving or is big
so I want them to excel
let the meat come out that is quite
all right
and you are not going anywhere today
and as not today the task also
a research work
because soon we will have some
sections also new nothing good yes
yes yes ok ok then I went to
a store that has many products of
the honey that honey gives us so much told me
It can be used for salads but there
many products I put up my
apiculturist costumes to pil pil that are
those who are with this sale of meat are
Doró but we can see but how are
very thick they go to the oven so that
they are perfectly well cooked
and we can present in a few
how many moments while I'm going to
say I 'm going to go with lettuce
sprouted buns that are so
important in the diet
daily food and vegetables
tomato I did not put the tomato
that he had a tomato that looks like
same size of the piece of meat so that
you see we are in a good tomato and if
it's much better ball we're going to make a
commercial cut and returning dew ruiz
palaces is preparing some beautiful
fondant shoes for all occasions
in the section peanut little balls of
lime
This is the recipe if you want more
I invite you to subscribe to the channel
youtube and so you can have with you
our virtual recipe book when
you need